Update documentation for UniFi adding device state (#30182)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/unifi.markdown

Get entities reporting the general temperature of a UniFi Network device.

### Device state

> Get entities reporting the current state within the UniFi Network device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get entities reporting the current state of a UniFi Network device.
```
